---
layout: default
title: Narrative
---

# Narrative

## Heading

---

## Scene Description
### Location
LAHS chemistry classroom E119

### Dimensions
jklsdjf

### Entrances, Exits, Windows
Two doors, one into the hallway and one leading outdoors. Windows next to the door leading outside.

---

## Description of Body
### Position
placeholder

### Clothing
placeholder

### Injuries
placeholder

### Coloring
placeholder

---

## Evidence
- location
- condition

---

## Furniture
- location
- description

---

## Transient Evidence
### Ambient Temperature
placeholder

### Lighting
placeholder

### Odors
placeholder

---
---

# Fake Bad Narrative Scam

## Narrative
Mr. Smith arrived at Los Alamos High School on Friday, 27/11/2021. During fourth period, Mr. Smith performed an evaluation of the three chemistry teachers, deciding which was to be fired. One teacher performed poorly, and knew it. Mr. Smith stayed after school to help clean up the hood that was used in the evaluation. While cleaning up with one of the three teachers, the teacher bludgeoned Mr. Smith with a Bunsen Burner, killing him. The following Monday at 7AM, Mr. Smiths body was discovered in chemistry room E119 by the LAHS janitor.

## Scene Description
- Body was found in the south corner of chemistry room E119.
- Victim was face up with their head to the west.
- Victim was next to a deactivated chemical hood.
- Inside [[Evidence/The Fume Hood|the chemical hood]] were three beakers - one knocked over, spilling chloroform.[^1]
- Victim was holding a green folder containing notes on the LAHS chemistry teachers.
- Inside the folder was [[Evidence/The Note|a note]].
- Victim was bleeding from a wound on the back of the head.[^2]
- Foot-height cupboards on the west side of the room were bloody.
- A [[Evidence/The Finger Print|finger print]] was discovered in the bloody cupboards.
- Several bunsen-burner stands lay in the south-west corner.
- One stand in the cupboard had the finger print.
- The spilled flask has finger prints from all three chemistry teachers as well as John Smith.

[^1]: See [[05.1 Police Report#Toxicology|toxicology results]]
[^2]: See [[04. Autopsy Results|autopsy results]]