## Macdonald

**Where were you betwene the hours of 3pm - 7pm on Friday Nv. 26th?**
I was at AT, grading papers untill I went home at 3:15 to watch *Doctor Who*.

**Were you with anyone?**
I John Smith was in the room with me for AT, he was cleaning up the lab as I was leaving. I was by myself when watching *Doctor Who*.

**When taking the practical exam with John Smith did you pass?**
Yeah.

**Do you know of the results of the other two teachers?**
No, but Ombelli has a PhD in chemistry, and Clark has a masters.

**Can you tell me how to perform this pracitical exam?**
Uh, yes.
You... Take chloroform and-
*(Pauses)*
add another chemical and-
*(Pauses again)*
wait a little.
*(Another pause)*
And observe the reaction.

**When did you last see John Smith?**
When I left at 3:15PM, he was still i my classroom.
 
**What time did you leave the school?**
3:15.

**Do you have a criminal record?**
No.

---

## Ombelli
**Where were you between the hours of 3pm - 7pm on Friday Nov. 26th?**
Like every other day, I was at school in my classroom until the end of Academic Time at 3:15PM. At 3:15PM I drove home, stayed there for a bit with my kids, then left again to drive my daughter to dance class in White Rock. We arrived there at 4:30 and after dropping her off I first went to the library to do some work until 6PM when the library closed, and then to the Pig + Fig for a coffee. I left the Pig + Fig at about 6:40PM, picked up my daughter at 6:45 and drove back home with her. We were home by 7PM.

**Were you with anyone?**
I was with someone (students, family members) from 3 until 4:30 and after 6:45, but I was by myself from 4:30 to 6:40.

**Can they corroborate your alabi?**
My students and family members can corroborate my alibi from 3 until 4:30 and after 6:45. As for the 4:30-6:40 time frame I was by myself.
 
**Do you have any receipts, photos, etc. to prove where you were?**
No, as I paid for my coffee at the Pig + Fig with cash and did not ask for a receipt.

**When taking the practical exam with John Smith did you pass?**
Of course, I passed with flying colors.

**Do you know of the results of the other two teachers?**
No, I have not had a chance to ask.

**Are you suspicious of any malintent of the other teachers?**
Absolutely not, my colleagues are wonderful and I am certain they are both innocent.
 
**What is your relationship with John Smith?**
I had never met John Smith before Friday, November 26th when he examined me.

**What time did you take the test?**
From 1:45PM to 2:35PM during the fourth period which is one of my planning periods.

**When did you last see John Smith?**
On my way out of school around 3:15PM, I saw him in room E119 busy cleaning up. I waved and smiled at him from the hallway.
 
**What time did you leave the school?**
At 3:15PM.

**When did you meet John Smith? Did you have any relations with him outside of school?**
See above.

**Do you have a criminal record?**
No.

**Can anyone confirm your whereabouts?**
See above.
